Chapter 1073 Do Or Die!

Valteru and the others hadn’t gone far. They turned around abruptly when they heard Wang Teng’s words.

“Wang Teng!” Valteru glared at him.

The other members of the Parkers family eyed him furiously too. They looked as if they wanted to skin him alive.

Wang Teng wasn’t afraid of offending the Parkers family, especially after the imperial family had interfered. He continued cursing, “What are you looking at? Dogs like you will bite any bones you see. Will you eat shit if you see it? A grand duke family? You’re just shameless scumbugs. Do you really think you’re something? Come on. I’m not moving. Attack me if you have the guts to do so.”

There was dead silence.

Everyone stared at Wang Teng with a complicated expression. They were filled with astonishment and confusion. At the same time, they admired him.

Impressive!

Amazing!

He dared to call the Parkers family dogs and cursed them. Wang Teng was definitely one-of-a-kind.

Bite any bones they saw?

Would they eat shit if they saw it?

Look at what he said…

No one found his vulgarities crude and coarse. Instead, they felt a little… refreshed!

The Parkers family always used their grand duke status to abuse their power. They never looked the small nobles straight in the eye. Many noble families were their victims. Today, Wang Teng vented their frustrations.

Especially after seeing the Parkers family’s furious but helpless expression, they felt invigorated like downing a bottle of ice-cold coke in summer.

The youngsters were dumbfounded. They couldn’t believe that Wang Teng dared to curse the Parkers family.

Even the always-composed Situ Wan’er widened her beautiful eyes.

“Hahaha!” Borla floated down from the sky and burst out laughing. He didn’t care about the Parkers family’s feelings at all. Universe Lord Ji Xia didn’t mock the Parkers family openly, but he couldn’t hide the smile on his face either. He gave Wang Teng a look of approval as if telling him that his curses were amazing.

Many people felt the same way. Although they didn’t laugh, they were all gloating in their hearts.

“Little brat, you’re looking for death!”

Valteru and Sinclamon almost went crazy. They started screaming in anger.

If the imperial family member hadn’t opened his mouth, they might have killed Wang Teng without caring about the consequences.

But they didn’t dare to.

The imperial family had spoken. Who dared to resist?

Even the grand duke families would be exterminated if they provoked the imperial family. That would be the end of them.

This was the first time the Parkers family felt helpless and frustrated ever since their rise to fame. They didn’t understand why the high and mighty imperial family member would speak up for Wang Teng.

Their faces turned as black as the bottom of a pot as these questions spun in their minds. Flames of anger were shooting out of their eyes. If looks could kill, Wang Teng would have died multiple times.

“You’re right. I’m looking for death. From now on, either I die or your family dies. Do or die!” Wang Teng’s gaze was cold and sharp. His voice gave off a bone-penetrating chill.

Everyone’s expression changed. Even Borla and Universe Lord Ji Xia were appalled.

His voice wasn’t loud, but it seemed to come right from hell. It was like the whisper of an evil spirit seeking revenge from the living.

Everyone could hear Wang Teng’s determination. Besides resolve, they also detected a hint of madness.

Do or die!

He was sending a life-or-death challenge letter to the Parkers family.

He was challenging the entire Parkers family alone! How crazy was he!

An ant trying to destroy a big tree!

Everyone was dumbfounded. No words could describe their emotions now.

The Parkers family members were shocked too. Waves of astonishment crashed into their hearts.

This bastard!

This bastard!

How dare he!

They didn’t think that Wang Teng had the ability to topple their powerful family, but when they heard his eerie voice, they felt a chill running up their spine.

No one knew what to say.

Wang Teng smiled. “So, try your best to kill me. If you don’t, I’ll wipe all traces of the Parkers family in the universe.”

Was

His smile was calm but hideous. Since there was no room for discussion, he didn’t mind going to the extreme.

Many younger generations of the Parkers family took a step back. They were frightened by Wang Teng.

Andrais was standing among the Parkers group too. He trembled unconsciously when he saw Wang Teng’s expression. The hair stood up on his back. He felt as if he was targeted by a dangerous predator.

Although Wang Teng wasn’t eyeing him, he still felt this way for some reason.

“Hmph, a nobody like you won’t be able to do anything!” The Flaming Phoenix Universe Lord’s contemptuous snort broke the atmosphere.

Wang Teng didn’t say much. All the coldness on his face disappeared, and he resumed his composure. He said indifferently, “Get out of my residence. In the future, dogs and the Parkers family will not be allowed to enter here.

“Annie, remember to put a sign on the entrance!”

The Parkers family members’ expressions turned distorted. They were greatly humiliated, but they couldn’t kill the other party. It was infuriating.

“Oh…”

Annie couldn’t retain her composure and stood there in a daze. The series of events that occurred frightened her until she lost her words. She shrunk in a corner with the rest of the servants. After hearing Wang Teng’s command, she nodded hurriedly before she managed to regain her senses.

“Hmph, remember your words. The Parkers family will let you know what regret is.” The Flaming Phoenix Universe Lord floated over again. His voice echoed in the air along with his roaring anger.

Wang Teng ignored him and just stood there calmly. He shifted his gaze away from the Parkers family, afraid of dirtying his eyes.

Valteru and the others glared at Wang Teng one more time before leaving for real. This place gave them a taste of humiliation and frustration. They didn’t want to stay any longer.

After the Parkers family left, the atmosphere finally relaxed a little. Everyone heaved a sigh of relief.

“Everyone, I’m really sorry that you had to experience all that today,” Wang Teng glanced around him and said apologetically.

“You’re too polite. You didn’t wish for this to happen either.”

“That’s right, please don’t take it to heart.”

“Baron Wang Teng, you need to tidy up your residence. We won’t stay here and disturb you. We’ll make a move first.”

“That’s right, we’ll leave first. Let’s gather again another day.”

Everyone got up and left.

They felt complicated. Some sympathized with him, others felt pity for him, some respected him, some kept their distance, and some treated him with disdain…

“Baron Wang Teng, we’ll be leaving too.” Jiang Hanfeng and the other members of the Jiang family walked over and bid farewell to Wang Teng. They seemed a little distant.

Jiang Chenxi and Jiang Weisheng stared at Wang Teng from the back with complex expressions. But they didn’t say anything. Wang Teng knew what they were thinking. The Jiang family didn’t want to be part of his conflict with the Parkers family.

They came to the banquet today because they saw Wang Teng’s high potential and wanted to pull him to their side. But he offended the Parkers family and even sent them a letter of challenge. He was overestimating himself and tempting fate.

They gave up the thought of recruiting him after knowing that he was someone who didn’t know his limits.

Wang Teng didn’t mind. He didn’t think that the Jiang family would help him to resist the Parkers family. Since he had no hope, he didn’t feel any disappointment or resentment. He kept quiet and sent the Jiang family personally to the entrance.

“Baron Wang Teng, you surprised me with your courage!” Duke Situ walked over with Situ Wan’er. He laughed as he spoke.

“Duke Situ, you’re overpraising me. I was just forced to do that,” Wang Teng replied with a bitter smile.

“Hahaha, it doesn’t matter if you were forced or not. You’re the only person who has ever done such a thing.” Duke Situ chuckled.

Wang Teng shook his head.

“Alright, you have many things to settle, so I won’t disturb you. You youngsters can interact more in the future,” Duke Situ continued.

Situ Wan’er looked at Wang Teng with her beautiful eyes and nodded at him. Honestly, what happened today gave this arrogant young lady a huge boost.

Wang Teng left a deep impression on her mind. Whether it was his own ability or his triple-field grandmaster identity, he showed how extraordinary he was. Hence, she didn’t mind befriending him.

Wang Teng sent them off.

He was a little surprised by Duke Situ’s attitude. He didn’t think that they would still be willing to make friends with him after everything that had happened. “Grandmaster Wang Teng.” Grandmaster Alfred and the other grandmasters walked over.

“Thank you for helping today,” Wang Teng said gratefully.

“You’re the triple-field grandmaster of the Secondary Career Alliance. We won’t allow others to bully you. However, we do apologize that we couldn’t offer much help.” Grandmaster Alfred and the other grandmasters felt a little apologetic as they spoke.

“Please don’t say that. What y’all did is enough. The Parkers family is just too crazy. It’s not your fault.” Wang Teng shook his head.

“I didn’t know that you were a triple-field grandmaster.” Borla walked over with Di Qi. He sounded quite surprised.

“Hahaha, Grandmaster Wang Teng saved my life with his Nine Essence Soul Congealing Pill.” Universe Lord Ji Xia smiled.

“Oh, so this is how y’all met. No wonder you’re willing to help him.” Borla was enlightened.

“No matter what the reason is, I’m extremely grateful for your help.” Wang Teng cupped his fists and thanked the two martial warriors sincerely.

“No problem. You’re Di Qi’s friend and you called me uncle. If I let others bully you, I won’t be able to hold my head up anymore,” Borla waved his hands and replied nonchalantly.

“You saved my life. All I did was help you. It’s nothing.” Universe Lord Ji Xia waved his hands too.

“If you ever need me in the future, please find me. I will do my best to repay your kindness,” Wang Teng said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!